I'm sorry he fell in love at first sight
favorite New York moment
this was fine in the charts but she had
to be sure it was destiny
that was an accident write that down
again please okay see this book so when
I get home tonight I'm gonna write my
name I might have got inside this book
and then first thing tomorrow morning
I'll sell it to reuse books you're
insane
no ten years here and two engagements
later Lisa meant like what how I'm the
only girl in the entire universe meant
for you why would you risk your
relationship with Ali just to search for
some type three I'm staring into the sky
thinking about this mystery guy I met a
million and a half hours ago you could
enter this account number in the
computer and just tell me your name all
I see when you put it that way no if you
don't do this you may never find out
this area I need the address of a
Jonathan Trager Oh
you must be late late for what the
wedding
john cusack kate beckinsale serendipity